[Laughter] Life is
joyful, the path of the
master is according to circumstances, when
hunger comes, you are
tired, you sleep immediately,
there is treasure in the house.
Seeking the opposite of circumstances without attachment, oh, I
ask,
who is practicing Zen? Remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the mind to build a peaceful,
prosperous, and wealthy Vietnam, in the heart of offering and giving alms. He secretly
works day and
night, his clothes are tattered and ragged, his heart is that of a thief,
harming people many times. The gold mine
originates in a kind heart,
stop seeking, toiling the body and harming
life.
[Music] Emperor
Nhân Tông sends a few words of advice to all the people of
Vietnam, joyful and
peaceful, oh, remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the mind to
build a peaceful and prosperous Vietnam.
[Music]
Oh, who is that?
Remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the mind to build a
peaceful and prosperous Vietnam, in the heart of offering
and giving alms, secretly working day and
night.
[Music] His
clothes are tattered and ragged, his heart is that of a thief, harming
people many times. The gold mine originates in a kind heart,
stop seeking, toiling the body and harming life.
[Music]
Emperor Nhân Tông sends a few words of advice to all the people of
Đại Việt, joyful and peaceful, oh, remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the mind to build a peaceful and prosperous Vietnam.
Remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the mind to
build a peaceful and prosperous Vietnam, oh, remember the Buddha Emperor, cultivate the
mind to
build a peaceful and prosperous Vietnam.  In the South, peace prevails
in life, following the path of righteousness,
eating when hungry and sleeping when tired, just having something to cling to at home.
Seeking out the opposite of circumstances without a mind, don't
ask about
Zen.
[Music]
Oh